-: Welcome back.
In previous lecture we have understood
about what are microservices
and then what we are going to deploy
as part of microservices deployment on EKS.
So let's see what is that one more time?
So this is the entire architecture
which we are going to implement now.
So what we are going to do is we'll go
to our respective GitHub repo section
which is tool microservices deployment on eCase, right?
So step one and then step zero zero we have completed.
So just to look on a very high level the use cases
from user management microservice create user API.
If you create a user, it is going to create that user
and then store that data, user in the database.
And then it is also going to call the notification services
send a notification API,
to send an email to that user
when we call the create user service.
So that's about the entire use case description.
And then these are the docker images we are going to use
as part of this section
which is user management microservice.
So this is the one
and notification microservice from docker hub
cube notification microservice one dot zero dot zero,
and then notification microservice V2 version
which is two dot zero dot zero, right?
So now as a prerequisite step
so there is going to be one prerequisite step
related to RDS database,
Ingress controllers and then external DNS.
And then one more prerequisite step related to SMTP server
which is AWS simple email services.
So in this lecture we'll primarily focus on
prerequisite one, okay?
So first thing is we, we need to ensure
that we have our RDS database up and running.
So we have created RDS database as part
of section zero six EKS storage with RDS database.
So as part of this respect to section
we already created the RDS database.
So if it is not running,
and then if you have stopped it by any chance,
let's go there and then start that database.
Okay, so mine is running so we really don't need to worry.
So, and that respect to RDS database,
we are going to associate in our communities
for our user management microservice application
using external name service
with this respect to manifest, okay?
And the second thing is ALB-Ingress controller
and then external DNS.
So if you see our architecture here,
so we have also highlighted
that we are going to use the Ingress service here
for exposing this respect
to application user management microservice
to the internet world.
So for that purpose you need to have the
Ingress controller installed and then running.
So that's what we need to crosscheck.
And then in addition to that,
we also need to ensure that external DNS
is also running external DNS parts so that
whatever the application we are going to install here are
create its sequel and Ingress service.
So it's a DNS also auto registered inside the route 53.
So for that purpose, external DNS also should be running.
So they're equal in sections when we have done
is in 0 8 0 1 ALB-Ingress install,
and then 0 8 0 6 0 1 deploy external DNS
in during these two sections,
we already have done that
and those should be already available
so we can crosscheck that.
Okay?
So let me clear this out and paste it, right.
So ALB-Ingress controller is running
and one more is in default name space.
We are going to have something called
external DNS parties running.
So we are good here, okay.
So now we look into prerequisite two
which is, create simple email service,
which is SES SMTP credentials
we need to generate as part of this section.
So if you see here in the prerequisite two,
So first thing is we need to generate our SMTP credentials
and then validate our email addresses
and then move on to the next steps.
Okay?
So it is subdivided into two steps.
One is generating SMTP credentials
and the second is verifying our email addresses.
Okay?
So first start with creating our SMTP credentials, right?
So let me go to the simple email service.
Simple email service in AWS.
So if you see here in the SMTP settings, okay
in left navigation you can see SMTP settings
you can generate your SMTP settings here.
Okay?
So server name is going to be this
for this respect to entire AWS region,
US east one, so
and then ports a default ports are going to be these things
and we are going to generate the credentials
to access this SMTP server.
So I'm going to say create my SMTP credentials.
Okay?
And I can say this as
either whatever the name I want to give
it says a CS SMTP user.
I'm going to say microservices SMTP user are
user management microservice or whatever, right?
So I'm going to say microservices, okay?
Microservices SMTP user, okay?
So now I'm going to say Create
and it generates some credentials for us.
So let me make a note of these credentials.
So copy.
So we can even take these things
and we can even download the credentials.
And in addition to that, so we can take these credentials
and then directly update wherever it is required.
So, what I can do is we'll leave it here
we have generated the credentials
and one more time we'll go inside
simply email service on a new tab, okay?
So we'll save it here later when we are updating
we'll copy from here.
So I'll go to simple email service now
and this step we have completed now, okay?
So download the credentials and update that
the same for below environmental variables
which you are going to provide in Kubernetes notification
microservice deployment.yaml.
So you can copy these things
and go to your use your studio core
and take any new file, right?
File, new file where I'll create here just, okay
I don't know what is happening.
So I'll say new file, okay, temp, okay
and I'll paste it here.
And this is going to be our mail server host, right?
So if you see here
the mail server host is going to be
whatever the same thing.
And now the mail server username
so this is going to be our username, right?
And this is going to be our password.
So I made a note of these things
and my, from address for my
from where the email is getting initiated
or from address in my email should look like
stacksimplifyheader@gmail.com.
So this is my settings.
I'm going to update in my notification microservice
related, environmental variables.
Okay, so now first thing here is
we need to verify our email addresses.
So we are not going to use the production grid SES surveys.
We are going to test only for testing purposes.
So whatever the email you are sending it from
means like the from address
and two addresses, whatever you are sending it.
So all those things need to be added here
and then validated.
So that's what I have written here clearly.
So the from address, right?
So we need two email addresses
for testing notification service
Verify a new email address.
So email address certification request
will be sent to that addresses clicking on,
too verify your email.
So from address and then too address.
So both you need at least two email addresses for you.
And then those email addresses should be
in verification state from Management console, right?
So I'll say verify a new email address
and I'm going to say stacksimplify@therategmail.com.
And one more email
which is two address also I'm going to use
which is nothing but dcallianready@redgmail.com, right?
So let me close this and I open my Gmail for Stack Simplify
and then D Callian Ready.
And I got the email related to that just now.
So I'm going to click on this verification email
and one is done.
I am also going to do further
stacksimplify@therategmail.com too.
So I'm clicking on that.
So this is also done, right?
So let me go back now
and then refresh it, right?
So now verification data should be verified.
So this tells that these two emails we can use
in from and too currently, okay?
So we can even send test emails
and even test it now from here.
Okay?
So only two options.
We use it here.
One is SMTP credentials.
So there we have taken the server name from here, right?
And then credentials we have generated from here
and then made a note of those credentials here.
And from address,
we said that whatever is the first email address
we verified here, right?
This one.
And too address the other email address, how many number
of too addresses you want,
you can add those things, okay?
So now this, everything is completed.
So you also, you can also verify
that whatever the user created, right,
disrespect your user
will already be there in our IAM, okay?
So this user is created as SMTP user in your IAM console.
So it'll be here.
So in future, if you really don't want this user
and then you want to delete it
you can go to IAM and then delete it.
So these credentials are going to be dummy for you.
These are not going to work for you.
You need to generate SMTP credentials
from your AWS account
and then use it in your case, okay?
So anyway, after this respective section
I'm going to delete this part.
So at that time,
these things are going to be invalid.
So that's about the
SMTP credential generation step
which is nothing but step three.
Okay?
So we have discussed step two
and step three in this lecture.
In our next lecture, we'll move on
with discussing the Kubernetes manifests required
for this entire microservices use case.
So I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye bye.
Thank you.